Well, that we can get started officially. okay i'm and i'm talking to tell me your last name is yes, Hi, how you doing?
I'm good. So I normally ask people just sort of start at the beginning of their life, so could you tell me when and where you were born.
Okay. I was born November the eleventh, 1,984.
Brooklyn, New York, so I'm originally in Brooklyn night I lived in Brooklyn up until I was 3 or 4 years old, and then I moved to this apartment on , atoms same of
our same exact i've been living here for going on 2122 years.
Now, that's amazing. Yeah, So can you tell me a little bit about your family and their history like, how did they end up in Brooklyn.
And then here, Okay. Well, my grandmother was from down South, and you know she wanted to move blue South Carolina.
She migrated up to an up to New York.
Brooklyn. She, you know, got married at, you know my mother and my other aunts and own uncles, and so my family, you know, was was breeded at.
I guess, when we establish ourselves They moved around different parts of Brooklyn above, you know, since when I was born lived in Beth for Stuverson, and I swear the heart of our families at the Buffer Star is from
Brooklyn. So why did you guys decide to move here?
Well, it was a pretty bad neighborhood at the time, and my mother and my mother wanted to.
My mother and my eldest brother. They wanted to, you know.
Move I was. I was a kid. I was like one or 2 years ago.
My sister was 6 months old, and it was like we wanted to get a change of scenery, or better. but a neighborhood, and this Low East I used to be, you know, was kind of like a Banning area that had a whole bunch of band
buildings and squatters, and it was a, you know, huge drug problem.
But the night said they actually, you know, made this development Low East Side, too, and it opened up in 1,988.
And so, you know, we were one of the first families that moved into this development.
Yes, we were. and so I love these style these nitro buildings, because they're so small It doesn't feel like you're not living in a big huge town.
It just seems like it must be nice, and everybody pretty much knows each other for the most part.
I mean the great things we have a dead in block, which has a school.
There shows like he is only pretty much one way. you come in, and when we come out, what makes you know I mean, which makes the community pretty much more close, as we weed.
Exactly. I actually have a friend who lives right across the street Ok. Ok.
So I've read down this block is it well you yes, it is.
Yes, it is so. I mean, I had so many great times growing up in man. yeah.
I was actually talking to one of my good friends, or actually a childhood for know, a couple of weeks ago, and he just was something about like this.
We used to play kick bowl in a backyard and play all makeup games, and you know, play all different types of you know. espionage, you know, man and games we used to have over there.
And it's like Wow! what are some of the other games that you're going.
We played I was very competitive. so any type of sports, play, basketball, or whatever.
Then we would play a game called manhunt, where you play, man.
Did you play, man? Did you play Manhattan? so Manhattan? So, man, how well we do!
We used to. You do a team, 2 teams, or you could do every man for himself and one person would.
You know 1 one person would be the person that go hide anywhere you want, you know, in the block.
Yeah, the whole blocked whole block thing that was that was a restriction. You couldn't hide in the buildings.
You couldn't hide them apartments so you pretty much had to find different areas around the block to hide it under car.
Well, we have a big backyard, we have a big backyard back there, and we have a big backyard back here, and we have a back and our other side, too, as well so we'll hide there or how in the school yard we'll just find different places to hide at and if you got
caught if you got caught, then you will have to join that person's after to define everybody else on everybody else was hiding.
And so if you got caught, you had to join the team of the finals or the end.
Exactly Well, if it was a scene, though that's the thing if it was individual, then I would have to save you the one that was it, and we had a group of people, if you caught me, I will have to help you, find everybody else and I slowly try to
find everybody exactly, and if it was a team, though, you would catch me, and I would just be out for the rest.
You know there was like a prisoner's thing well I would have to stay there until you know until exactly.
But the catch is on certain occasions If one person from like say if i'm on the opposing team.
Then one of my teammates got caught I can you know if I can sneak sneaks and the base where you know, when my team makes us that and tag them before the other team is able to notice me then they'll be set
free. So so one of the teams had to leave guards.
Yes, exactly. yeah. that sounds fun. This is like espionage.
101 backyards on both sides. Yes, you had access to bulls. not well like.
How did you get? Oh, it's pretty much the same front door key, the one we have the same front door key to get in so.
But then, if not, you knew friends from, you know people from other side.
So you know you can always get it or you'll climb the gate.
You do something to get to the other side of the backyard? So I've seen the back there's another nature.
Where is it on Sixth Street? Yeah, exactly it's right up the block?
Yeah. and that backyard is like 2 times as big as ours.
Yeah, yeah, it's a huge backyard. huge and I have a basketball court back there as well yeah, yeah, Well, I didn't.
I played pleading the park in thompson square park over there.
They're over there. I would play the crazy movie young after a certain time, you know, when it got dark, our parents would never let us go off the block.
So we used to have the garbage can there, and we used to play basketball in the garbage camp.
And then at 1 point we had a basketball court at the end of the block.
We would have a portable one, so we usually play all hours of the night until the neighbors start complaining, and we have to take it away.
But you know, growing up in this area there was always different different parks and recreations that you can go to. So yeah.
So it sounds like you played on the blog. And this is actually a nice block, 3 street.
So you probably could play actually down in the street. yeah Well, yeah, for the most part, we still got a lot of traffic coming in.
A lot of people didn't know it was a dead and block or whatever the cases, so I mean for the most part it still wasn't as bad as some of the main streets in regards to the 2 tracks that they get and you would also
play in other places like go to the park, and then when you when you're in school, you meet you make friendships with people from different parts of the neighborhood. so you know, sometimes you go to their area and hang out and play sports, or whatever the
case was so you mentioned, I think, 2 siblings.
I have 3 to the brothers, and I have a younger sister. No, actually.
My eldest brother just came back. He just moved back in with us.
He was upstate he was upstate and I have another brother who's married and he's his wife and his daughter lives out in Brooklyn, and this is me and my sister here and did you know your father Yeah,
I knew my father. My father actually passed away 3 years ago to lung cancer.
So, thank you. thank you. So I knew he was actually yeah he's my father.
Yeah, it's something that and did he live with you guys before that as he did.
You see their mother was married is but you know it is something that I've made peace with a while ago.
Thank you. And And so, as you were growing up i'm just curious what your parents, you know did for a little while of working.
Yes, my mother used to actually work in the World Trade Center.
She worked in the World Trade Center and in the eightys and early ninetys, and I wanted I used to be sick.
I used to be very sick, and so she had to qu her job for us to go on welfare, so she'll be able to take care of me and my father.
I had asthma. my asthma had immune deficiency. And what else?
Yeah, when I was like Yeah, it's so i'm a lot better now, though, how does asthma work is that a genetic something that's genetic? Well, my second eldest brother had asthma?
I'm not sure immigrants to how specific it is when it comes down to gonna be patched out.
But you know but I had it, and my mother actually has asthma.
Now, and that's something that she developed she developed a couple of years ago. it's too like if you're exposed to something like possibly I was festus or in a school or something like that, because when I got it I
was about 3 or 4 years old and I wasn't really exposed to well, at least from my knowledge, and I wasn't really exposed to it.
I think it could Have been some i'm not even sure but I want to have an asthma, and I had new deficiency, and so on.
Me. she used to be a computer operator. She used to be a computer operator, a master locksmith.
So in the neighborhood. No, actually in Brooklyn, in Brooklyn.
So yeah, that's what they did and well that must have been hard playing all these games.
If you like that's the thing it was pretty difficult at times, and I always wanted to feel like I was just like everybody else, and sometimes, of course, my medical conditions limited me from being able to enjoy some of the activities a lot of
my friends were able to do. But were you able to you know if you're your medication, and things like that you're still able to run around.
Yeah, that was I was definitely. I was in the necessity.
Always had that. I have my pump with me, you know, everywhere I went, because I mean there was no telling when I was able to catch asthma attacking, and I used to be in and out of the hospital.
A lot. So it was something that I definitely had to i'm so sorry.
Not every day it would definitely be. It was real, consistent enough where I missed a lot of school.
And yeah, I missed a lot of school, and actually the doctors so once told my mother that one I wouldn't live to see past the age of 12.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. but i'm looking at it i'm going to be 25 in november.
So it's definitely a blessing yes, Why would they say that asthma's not normally like a disease where you well, it wasn't just necessary to add asthma was a major part of it but it was the simple
fact that a mute deficiency you have a very, very low immune system, where I wasn't able to fight off a lot of the yeah.
And so I askedma would be the gateway where i'll get the respiratory restaurant sort of my my breathing will be having out, you know.
Get sick from that. But then, i'll be excited to so many other different types of germs, and all that because my immune system was having a hard time fighting over just that I was always acceptable, of getting you know catching a cold or some type of pneumonia and a
lot of the times I have asthma as will bother me.
Then I want them catching pneumonia or some other sickness involved with that.
It's you know what I was like. I still you know and I mean everybody has this, and everybody has their course that they have to go through. That's just what my life was at the time.
Definitely a lot more. Of course, i'm a lot more strong, and i'm a lot more appreciative of just some of the simplest things, because I mean nobody thinks you know no 7 or eight-year-old you know thinks about
them, not them dying or not being able to grow up, and everything like that.
And I was a certain song that was a reality to me so, and be able to come from that and the me.
I am now, so it sounds like you dealt with it really hard. Yeah.
Well I grew, and the great thing is that I grew up in a church as well, and I had out of my church family always prayed for me.
My mother and my parents, You know I always pray so. You know I always had that type of support.
So, even though physically, you know I was, I was ill, mentally and spiritually.
I always had to keep my spirits up that's great What else do you remember about the blog or the neighborhood at the time that you were growing up?
What was it like? It was so different, like I just sometimes were like amazing because you had a whole bunch of first.
He had a whole bunch of mom and Pop stores here where there was a lot of people from the community that were doing well had their own businesses running, and you know, it was just something that was as a kid as a kid wasn't
like. Oh, wow! I want to be a business owner but just to see somebody who looks like you, or see like one of your friends, you know parents or running the businesses like Oh, Wow!
I can't believe You're doing it and what were the stores. Well, I remember we used to have a candy store. You know every kid loves a kid.
We used to have a teenage store like right on forestry, right next to the Forestry Avenue Sea, right next to the grocery store that we have.
Now, you know. Thank you. Just candy and I used to have a field dated It's just candy and you know I used to have a field dated and video games.
So we used to have. One used to be one on the Third Street, and there was another one that was doubt, I believe, on Eighth Street and Avenue see a for knife, shirt, or whatever.
And when I was old enough, or when my mother used to make my brother take me somewhere, we would go down to the game room, know, just play video games.
It was something that you see like always felt like I wasn't kind of like some type of sitcom where I was like Wow!
And this plus it was completely different from what life was like in Brooklyn, because, even though I moved there from my early age and I still have family initial, I was always there so, exactly.
And the community. I guess the community was different, not not simply just because the people, the people were different.
There was a different level of success. People were being prosperous over there, because not only that they had their families, they had their homes, had their children to school.
They had their own business where it just lets you know like wow!
This is my community that i'm living, in and it was different in best side, because you didn't have I mean the neighborhood where my grand my family was at you know you definitely didn't have a lot of black-owned
businesses and is not for the simple fact that they couldn't do it?
What was the simple fact that it just wasn't in their mentality to do it, you know.
So. So here there were Osu! as you mentioned, the people are different.
So let's I don't know ethnic racial when you're growing up here.
Of course, there's a lot of it was a very heavy hispanic population.
And so another aspect, especially sometimes you're always here you know some salsa marinee playing down the streets.
I know we have. Sometimes we'll have like different street festivals, and it'll be people that be right outside in front of the building just for playing playing the bongos.
Got, you know, just just playing just free music and people walking by kids playing in the park, you know, playing, you know.
We have, you know, black parties and kids is riding their bikes.
It was just like euphoria you know what i'm saying, like as a kid, everybody's out enjoying themselves.
They used to want. It used to be real hot when we should really have heat waves.
We turn on the Johnny, Pump if you look the crazy thing is, if you look, if you're going down different streets on like avenue, see if you look down different blocks you'll see different.
Just a Johnny Pump home and it'll be like you know. you just see the water up in the head of 1015 feet up in the edge.
Just people getting away and just enjoying themselves. And what about like the you know, black or African American community? Yeah, it was.
It was definitely the I mean the before your friends were. they had a mix. it was mixed, and that was the great thing I loved about living in this area.
I mean I moved here so early on There was not to say that I knew why I wasn't, though I was African-american. I knew Puerto Rican is the men against Mexicans or whatever the case
was growing up being exposed to just living with different type of people race wasn't that the race was never really an issue like that in regards to at least with me in regards, to just being able to Oh, i'm not going to kick it
with him because he's so such and such and such nationality. I was never like that, and it did a lot for for everybody, especially for me, because, as I got older, I went away to school, and all that you know just being exposed to
people from different cultures and nationalities, and maybe learn more about.
You know the maybe want to learn more about the rest of the world, to learn about those cultures, and being able to make me learn more about myself.
And what type of what type of school I wanted to go to them about psychologists?
Because we had historically black colleges but I knew that growing up in this area. I knew that going into historically black holes that wasn't my reality first, so that wasn't the world's reality you were going to have to work with
different types of people. So you know, I wanted to go to Exactly.
Exactly. so. Yeah, that would make sense. so it sounds like you sort of felt like there was a lot of tolerance in the neighborhood that there weren't I don't know tensions based on race Yeah, I didn't see that
much at least not for me, you know, but at the same time, you know, at the same time grown growing up.
When I really began to be conscious of you know be conscious of marsha community, or whatever at that time when things were beginning to change.
That's when gentrification was kind of like the big thing, and you know yeah, and and not only that people were just beginning to move out. Move out.
And you know new people came in you know it's like you know.
So it was kind of like, Wow, I knew that I was something different. You know something different that was going on in regards to something different that was going on in general. But I didn't know how much it was empathing the rest of
the community, and not necessarily said it was a bad thing, but by the time I became fully aware of what was going on, the community had already changed, but at the same time I came with the same approach that change, is constant and you know what happens So you just have to kind.
Of roll it. Yeah. And I think I think the major thing in regards to the whole issue gentrification.
A lot of people feel different ways about it you know differently about it.
Think that there's not a problem I think that you can't expect one neighborhood to be the same way.
It is all the time that's not I mean it's not going to happen, not in 10 times.
But I do think that they, when you know gentrification, is that much of a big issue, I think it's important to be able to talk about it, and not just talking about it amongst yourselves we'll talk about it with the people
who are, you know, who are coming into the community like you know they don't see it as oh, you're the sure you're coming in trying to change, and they don't look at it from that.
Perspective, you know they look at It is from egg moving into this gray area.
I have a new opportunity at life starting a new. I want to make the most out of it, and they might not realize exactly so what their presence is. kind of Exactly.
Exactly exactly so. I mean with that, like I never was. I was not angry about it.
I thought that they could have been more done in regards to what there was a relieved attention, or what there was to make sure that people were given the fair treatment to be able to stay in their homes, especially if they've lived
there for extra money. I was always against raising the rent to kick people who kick people out who we're the ones that we made this community what it was, and it just completely disregard them as if they were nothing as
if they were nobody, so that you can be able to bring in somebody who's able to pay the pay the amount of rent that you want them to pay.
So I was always against that and that's because they're the one who and a war and control of doing it Exactly.
Let me ask you real quick, just about your schooling history.
So did you go to schools in the neighborhood? Sure, I want to, All right.
I began I want to, for thing was pre-k Pre, and I went when I was. I remember that was the first school I've been went to, and I was nervous.
Is right on toys. You were nervous. Yeah. a little nervous.
I remember the first days of school. and I remember learning my abc's, and I was like you know, why isn't one of leaving me here with these people.
I don't even know I Remember doing that and then I went to attend the which is right here.
No first grade is sixth grade, and after that I went to it's on and at the time it began from seventh grade up into Twelfth Grade.
So is that the high school that has that great yard with the skate card?
Yes, yes, I always walk by there, wasn't there when I was there.
Yeah, did you like those? So you went there from 7 through 12, 7 to 12?
It was actually it was one of the best schools i've ever gone to, and you know first at first it was a challenge because my mother made me go to that school because I wanted to go to school where all my friends were going so junior high school
56, junior high school, 22 all these different, you know, school that was around away, and she was completely against it, because she knew, of course, if I was going there with rest of my friends, were, you know, it was easy more easily for me to
be influenced to do. you know kind of do the wrong thing and school more.
Yeah, Well, you know, with numbers, and I was never a bad kid.
I was never a bad kid, you know. So what she she was adamant and Megani.
Then I was like, you know what? Okay? Because that was just different. It was a different.
It was an alternative school i'm plotting on the one thing that that was great about it is that my mother, you know.
My mother actually had a chance to sit down and speak with the principal at the time, who was the founding principal, and it was, and and she really spoke to her about it.
Listen. I want to take my census for where you get a proper education and be able to be exposed to just, you know new things that will be able to benefit on the long run, and I want to go and eat and it was it was tough
at first, because I don't know practically I really know anybody there.
So just meaning everybody in elementary school we knew each other for the most part from first grade up until sixth grade.
And now i'm in this new school where practically really don't know anybody at all, and trying to meet new friends, you know it was.
It was a tough transition at first. I mean, I want to meet in some good people there, you know.
By the time I was in eighth grade, though, I was a really channeled myself and my academics, and I want them going out to Dc.
Our first year eighth grade. I want to go in the Dc.
For a program due to you know my academics. and then the following year, in that Gr.
I went to Chile for 2 weeks at school took us in chile, and the great thing is that the great thing is that they prepared us for college, and they've always prepared this for the next level.
But it always prepared us for the next level. So it was.
There was an expectation that you would. Yeah, you have to work Exactly.
And you know I that's when I really I know I wanted to go to college.
That's when I really began to gained my confidence academically, what I was able to do and what's up.
You know what type of colleges that I know I wanted to go to I mean ninth grade.
I was looking at Yale University and Brown, and all these diabetes schools, and it was because I was that sure and confident of myself that you know I was able to.
I think my ninth grade had a gpa of 3.8 like you know what I worked hard, and you know the great thing is that the reason I was able to work the hours because of the teachers and administrations that were there they always
encourage you. They always took the extra time that working on a different project which you projects with you that you were dealing with, or even if there was some assignments that you didn't complete.
They lay. Listen! This is what you need to do and the prince its predecessor, who's currently the principal.
Now he was so influential in regards to just the whole student body and bring a new activities to the school.
We had a Liberal Arts program where I when I first first really, you know, guys into poetry, and I want to develop in my poetry skills.
And I developed a passion for it. And so it was just so many things that they exposed us to take us to college, do college trips early on just to allow more mentally than anything allowing us to know that we were able to get into these colleges and we
belong to college. It was a great great school to go to grade school to go to. I mean it was some of the best times I had in my life.
There that's great. So you did poetry what else were you going to basketball Very. I was a big basketball fan, and the only one thing I do regret is that I never I never tried out for the basketball
team. I never did that. I mean it's whatever so you played it as a hobby.
Yes, and chess chess is another thing I was interested in, and I took drum.
I took acting classes. I used to say, Yeah, they exposed this to a lot of stuff, and they will constantly go on school trips.
Each year we went to Montreal, went to Boston, of Philadelphia.
We just went to different places, and it was a great experience, especially, you know, as a high school student going with your school to just different different places around the country around the world.
It was nothing like it, so that's so wonderful and so what do you do afterwards?
Afterwards. I'm sad to go to for college How did you like that, hey?
We know what it was tough. It was more tough, socially, more than anything.
You were in high school. You see, all these movies about what college is like, and then I go to college and there's nothing like it.
It's nothing like it, and I went to a small private University.
It wasn't a duke I lived on Campus as well, was on the main campuses in Garden City, New York.
So yeah, that's too far to me Yeah.
So I lived on campus. It was his first of freshman orientation.
It just rained. It rained like all day, and it was like a torrential rank monsoon ring, and you know what I'm saying it raining, you moving there.
And I was just like, Oh, Dad, this is college you would say it was not a good start to my college career, and so I just really wasn't into it.
I was, you know, I was city boy you know and i'm in this, you know, on the weekends.
Everything was that everybody went home for the weekend for the most part.
And yeah, a lot of people were home for the week because it had. We had dorms, but it was a big community school as well, and not a lot of people from the city.
A lot of people from the city did live live in Brooklyn.
I mean live on campus, but there wasn't my freshman year the campus life.
It just really wasn't, as you know as good as it was in the later years we really developed over the years campus really really became like, Wow, this is great.
This is what I want it to be. Yeah. And I actually thought about after my first man.
I actually really considered transferring from a Tuskegee university.
But then I decided to stay, and and from my sophomore year on after my sophomore, I really fell in love with the school, and I really began to challenge myself academically and just sha which is me and new people and
just talking talking to new friends, and not just kind of like, you know.
Stay in the box in regards to who I was going to be able to. You know who did. I think that I was going to be good friends with, And you know I just tried to just meet different types of people and I went there and I
graduated in 2,006 on a grad degree, and I went back to Buffalo High School in 2,008.
I got my masses and business administration so 2,008 that's recently it's terrified Nope.
So what are you? What do you have to know? What do you want to do?
Well, I was working in politics for about a year. I was working in policies.
I worked for City Council for councilmember for you, which was an experience.
The crazy thing is prior to that that summarizes graduated wasn't really searched on this is when the economy was really, you know, it was really people began to start saying we're in a recession so you know i'm exactly right
and I mean I wasn't really stretching into it because I went to school 6 years straight.
And I was like, you know. Let me just take this some off and just relax.
So I wound up By the end of the time I want to joining a nonprofit organization.
I was just doing some part-time work there, and within that period I was there to develop a great relationship with the CEO of the organization who happened to be friends with the city councilmember.
I was looking for, You know some new talent it was introduced there, and pretty much That's how the story here you work.
I worked for. Yeah, I was a senior community. She was already in office.
She was already in office. So you were her webinar, her senior community liaison, which basically meant that I helped out with different constituents who came to our office.
They had problems or issues in regards to payment rent in regards to being evicted and rent in regards to being evicted or looking for jobs like we would get in contact. I would get in contact with different city agencies.
To see what they can do to help them now. So I would do that.
I was also, you know, write her species. I was a speechwriter, you know.
I did organize events, for I was speaking on our behalf.
At different events. I did a lot of stuff. I liked it.
I liked it a lot. I liked it for the simple fact that I learned a lot.
It was a very, very stressful environment. Yeah, it was very, very, very special, because, you know, it was as everything was going.
She she was always on the go she wasn't necessarily the best manager.
So you know a lot of stuff that we had to do, and we was in the biggest district in the City Council, 40 first district, and at the time we had much, and we were a young staff. You know, My chief of staff was 23.
And I was 24, and you know I was like second in command.
And then you know her schedule. Her special system was 24 as well.
So we were like, and we had, like other couple of the staff members over there.
But it was pretty much the chief of staff myself i'm who's a specialist, and we were kind of like we ran the office.
It was a great great experience, like I said it was very, very stressful a lot of times.
But we did well, we definitely. We definitely did well, and I think we want an artist working people arguably in the city Council in regards to the amount of work that we had to do, and still be able to run the office at the
same time, and still put on the events, and a community From January to July we put on about at least 25 to 30.
Events decided this year of this year. So did you decide to leave, or what happened?
Me and her. Oh, this, you know, I could say, is well.
She definitely a large, for she definitely felt threatened by us in regards to her staff, because we know we were young, very educated.
Chiefish staff and myself had masters she didn't know exactly and she felt she felt threatened by it.
And so because of that, she actually let go me and our Chief for staff on the same day.
Yeah, that's traumatic. Yeah, but you know the thing is we were kind of.
She tried to it's been more than a couple of times where she would, you know, she would try to set us up for failure. We had.
She forced us to work behind campaign and we had to do a fundraising in 3 days and raise $2,000, which is, like, you know, 3 days to do a fundraise and raise $2,000.
That's pretty ridiculous. But we want to raise in 3,000, for it was a very, very was very it was amazing. Yeah.
So what's your next? Well, my next step is i'm i'm doing community organizing now.
Yes, I am i'm doing community organizing Now we actually had So you see those boxes over there?
We had a back. Oh, they were over there back there. We had a back in school event.
Will we help who are you working with i'm working by myself.
So yeah, i'm working my mother, and the great things my mother's the attendant associate president.
So we just do events to our development which allows me to be able to work more independently, just with myself and my mother. pretty much.
I have a lot of control in regards to what type of events We want to do so.
I'm doing that a lot and i'm also helping them with a couple of campaigns, who is a city council member, not district.
I actually helped our reelection campaign where she wanted to get 82% to vote.
So that was a major. Yes, yes, of the major success. and we have We're developing a pretty good relationship, as Well, you want to stay in this kind of arena.
I think I can see myself doing that. My main focus now is that City Council member.
And so my main focus is the community itself. so i'm just committed to doing whatever we can to make.
Sure that we provide our community resources, limited, amount of violence and illegal activity is going on here, and just making sure everybody's happy, or making sure for the most part, and we're living in our harmonious society that's pretty
much what i'm interested in doing and thank you thank you very much.
Maybe I can switch gears, and just ask you a little bit more about how you've seen the neighborhood change in your 24, Well, 21.
We talked a little bit about it. Yeah, what else comes to mind when you think of?
Have you seen it change over time. it's definitely become more upscale in regards to just different type of businesses that are just in regards to the different type of people who are around here which is like I said is not a
bad thing. it's not a bad thing at all because changes not necessarily change is constant.
I just wish that there were more You know more businesses that were here, you know, for a lot of people who are.
I wish there was more business here that people from people who grew up here are able to start on their own.
And I think I think a lot of it has the reason Why, we don't have It is not because they don't want to just the amount of money they have to afford to pay rent open and you know it's tough
There's a boutique that it's tough exactly and the great great example of it on 6 weeks to have like this.
It's an amazing Chinese restaurant right on 6 street in Avenue Sea, and I mean he was there since I can remember.
They want them shutting down because they couldn't afford to rent or whatever the case was.
And now we have a wine so there which you know wine i'm an avid wine lover.
But it just lets you know that it's a shift.
You know this this on business was the since I can remember since I was a kid, and it's unfortunate that that no one could be here because of the fact that they can't afford it, and there's no fault to the
wine store, because you know they did Then their business and then they're trying to open up shop here.
It's a great neighbor, so so much and so forth but I just think that I wish there was more!
I wish there was more that could be done to make sure.
Exactly. Exactly. Exactly so. you've seen some of these negative effects Yeah, exactly. exactly.
Now a lot of people talk, you know, have seen this this name.
This area right here is seen a lot of gentrification you don't have any kind of moving now, over so much so that sometimes when I interview people it's interesting.
If you're all over the lower East side when I told you this is the Glory Side project.
They will define the lower East Side. Little differently and they sometimes think of this as a separate neighborhood.
So. I'm curious what you think like? If I asked you what do you think the Lower East Side is?
What do you do graphically where's it go you know what are the like cross streets?
That. Wow! I think the low East Side is from of course from Avenue D. The old session of avenue D, and over towards where Williamsburg is at and it's it's pretty Lowie side is pretty
big. We know how. How north does it go? How far north would you go? First of all, you think you live in the Laurie side?
Yes, I do. hmm to the North meaning like up towards like to Fourteenth Street. I would say, Yeah, I would think I don't even think it will go that far up until I think Louis side is up into I
want to say up until yeah up until 40 Shi and about Avenue Avenue A.
Okay, and then, east of that first step of that I don't think that's not the lower East side.
And then what about moving south? Yeah. You cross house and still the land?
Yeah, the lancey still, because I think it's the after past, the Lancey, you know what after Peg you go.
I don't believe only I want to step into like about Grand Street.
I would consider that to be like the Holy side? Yeah, I would consider that.
And then what about east of there? Because you've got Chinatown?
Jeep. Does that seem part of laurie's most Chinatown is Chinatown?
Yes, the boundaries of where yeah, it's funny everyone I ask has a totally different definition of what the lower is.
But so i'm Curious, if so say we use your definition of the boundaries.
Do you think that all the people that live from Fourteenth Street to Grand and the river to Avenue A, or whatever it is?
Do they make up a community and I guess i'd ask you to define what's community?
What does it mean for people who live in an area whoa community, and not just people who live next to each other?
Well, I think it's different. I Definitely think I see this black as being one community very small.
Yeah, because you know, the thing is the thing is that you could we all grew up.
Everybody who's lived in this block it's pretty much watched watch each other grown up.
We've been friends or since we were kids you know and so there's a there's a history that's there, and there's a common bond that we shared it so you know that's what makes
that's what makes it special. we have 15 avenue de I barely know anybody that's over there, or people I know is like, you know we we've known because we've grown up We went to the same
school, or you know our parents may know each other but we necessarily were never friends.
But you know there's a mutual respect that's there but that doesn't necessarily they're a part of our community.
But they're kind of like the distant cousins you know what I'm saying as like, and I think just in the Low East Side is a neighborhood itself.
Dependent. I think you basically committed on at least for me. i'm regards to the people who you who you kind of grow up with basically who you interact with yourself because I live on there's not so many people who are
associated with on life. Street. you know but we're still in the same area. doesn't mean that you know we're from 2 completely different.